there was a feeling when I was a kid
when I saw Star Wars for the first time
that it was all practical and real yeah
I'll take that redwood and seem c-3po
and r2 there was no doubt it was a
physical tangible real thing you knew it
when you saw the movie so I felt that it
was really important that we make BBA as
real as possible bb-8 is so charismatic
a little bit feisty I'm starting to
wonder whether r2d2 is a distant cousin
his design is so ingenious because it
feels like I've seen it before
it feels like it's familiar to the Star
Wars universe but it's not it's
completely new it was a sketch that I
think JJ teased on a napkin
JJ said well okay why don't we take the
next generation on from r2 he was the
first character I had build scenes with
and I was nervous because it's not human
being where do you come from very
pacified really but the properties they
bring him to life Daisy and John they
look at him as a co-stars I challenge
anyone not to love them yet